Baking the Pizza Dough:                                                                                                  •   Start with a medium bowl that's been lightly coated with olive oil. Add warm water (about 110 degrees Fahrenheit), dry yeast and sugar. The activated yeast feeds on the sugar and makes the dough rise. In another bowl, combine flour and salt. Have a fork, cutting board, knife, tray and rolling pin handy.
•   In the bowl containing the flour and salt, make a well in the center and add the yeast. Tip: If the yeast doesn't foam, check the expiration date and water temperature (should be approximately 110 degrees Fahrenheit). Add the olive oil. Use a fork to pull the dry parts of the dough into the wet parts, then mix.
•   When the dough starts to come together, use your hands and knead it for a few minutes on a lightly floured board. Use the heel of your hand to push the dough down and forward. Give it a few turns. You're done when the dough is a little sticky.
•   Place the kneaded dough into the oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let it rise in a warm spot until it doubles in size. You can chart the progress of the rising dough by using a marker on the plastic wrap to circle the size of the ball of dough at the beginning of the process. It can take anywhere from 1 to 2 hours for the dough to rise, depending on the recipe and ambient temperature. After the dough rises, poke it with your finger or a fork. If the dough leaves an indentation when poked, it's ready.
•   Once the dough has risen properly, use a knife to divide it. The larger the piece, the bigger the pizza; the smaller portions are easier to handle at home. Form into balls for individual pizzas, and place on the tray. Cover with a damp cloth. Let the balls of dough rest until you poke them and see an indentation.
•   Place a ball of dough in the center of the pan and spread it out, using a rolling pin or your hands. Spin it. Pull the dough to the edges of the pan to thin out the center. Add some more semolina for better separation. Make sure the thickness is even.
•   Top the spread dough with the sauce and your favorite toppings and bake in a 500 degree F oven for approximately 10 minutes.
•   Your Pizza is now ready!

Making the Pizza Sauce:
•   Take all the ingredients needed for the sauce and slice the vegetables for mixing it together.
•   After slicing them, put them in a mixer jar and mix it.
•   When it becomes as thick as paste and is grinded well, your sauce is ready to be spread on the dough.